1) to end with:-
The more ..., the ...
The harder ..., the ...
The less ..., the

Brainstorming ideas
1. Imagine that you are someone else considering the problem.
eg. A hunter might say ‘No, because it is a traditional activity handed down for generations that has many benefits related to family bonding and personal enjoyment.’
A cop might say ‘Yes, because it allows people to buy powerful guns that can then be used in violent crimes.’
A doctor might say ‘Yes, because there are countless hunting injuries each year, and these often involve people who were not even hunting.’

Even try some strange ones like from the point of view of a famous (or imaginary) person or a different gender, age group, time period or location:


Ask yourself:
“Who wants to ban hunting? Who doesn’t?”
“Where is hunting common?”
“Why do people hunt? Why do people want to band hunting?”
“How do most people hunt? Is it dangerous?”
“How much does hunting cost? How many animals are killed every year?”
“What would happen if hunting was banned? What if it becomes more popular?”
“Which countries hunt the most? Does this have an effect?”

reverse thinking

Start with a solution: getting more exercise.
Now work backwards – how did you get children to exercise more?
Long gym classes at school, more sports facilities open to the public, public service announcements to encourage parents to go out with their kids more often, more parks in cities, etc.



Activity #9 The 6 Thinking Hats
Edward de Bono is one of the most famous writers on the subject of creativity.
One of his most famous books is about the 6 thinking hats.
This is very similar to activity #1 except instead of pretending to be another person, you just pretend to have a different perspective (i.e. ‘wear a different hat’).
Blue hat: manages the brainstorming by look at the overall picture or question. What are you trying to decide overall?
White hat: Uses data and information. Think about statistics, evidence and facts with this hat.
Yellow hat: Always looks for positive answers, always optimistic and hopeful. Think of ideal solutions and perfect situations here.
Green hat: Creative hat. Think about all the different possible alternatives here. This is the brainstorming hat.
Red hat: the instinctive hat. What is the first thing that comes into your head? How do you feel? Answer those questions for this hat.
Black hat: The judging hat. This hat judges the ideas you have thought of. Be careful not to use this hat too early or too much.