The below maps illustrates the development of town called willington in the years 1780, 1860, and 2000.

Overall, it can be clearly seen that a large amount of new homes were built throughout the years to accomodate more people. Schools, sports center and shops were also constructed by cutting down the woods and farm. To connect the sides of river a bridge was contructed that connects to shops on the south side. Roads were also built to connect the river, schools and fields with the village.

In year 1780, A Huge amount of farm  along the river side and woods in the south west of town can be seen. A total of 100 homes were there in the village at north east side of the town.

The town went through multiple changes from 1780 to 1860 which incudes construction of a bridge and a road that connects the west side of city with vilages and farms. The viallge expands to accomodate a total of 200 homes which resulted in cut down of woods in the south west. Almost half of the farm was removed due to construction of new road connecting villages.

Finally, in year 2000, the town added 5 new shops along the river, a wetland for bird at the end of river flow in south, 2 schools, and 3 sports field at the south east end of the town. Villages get connected to the schools and sports field in the south east thorugh a new developed road and their development causes the cut down of all the remaining farms and wood.



=============
The map details changes that occurred in the town of Willington in the years 1780, 1860, and 2000. Looking from an overall perspective, it is readily apparent that the village became more residential and commercial, including new homes, access roads, a bridge, shops, and areas for recreation and sports at the expense of natural forests and farms. Only the river remained unchanged.

In 1780, there were only 100 homes in Willington and a considerable region to the east and south was occupied by farms and woods. The river ran from north to south alongside the town, a feature that was unaltered by 2000. By 1860, some farms and forest had been removed to allow for a road leading from the river to a residential area that had doubled in size (200 homes) in the northeast. There was also the appearance of a bridge over the river.

In 2000, the number of homes rose to 500 and the farms and forests were entirely cleared. This enabled the construction of two schools, 3 sports fields and numerous shops lining the southern side of the river. The final addition was a large lake at the south end of the river.


