The map details the changes made to a city from 1950 till now.

Overall, it is clear that the city has developed since 1950, now it's more modernized and residentialized which leads to a dramatic increase in the population of city. Residential area and business distric also expands as the popoulation increases. A lake got introduced to the city in the center with a dam at east end of the lake. Government building near buiseness district and bridge at center remain unchanged.

In 1950, the city has a population 20,000 people. In the center of the city Business district was located and just above that residential area can be found sourrounding the business district from north end. An airport is located at the east of city. For connecting different parts of the city there are two main roads which cross each other at the center of business district. The road from norht to south has a bridge to cross the river which flows through west to east of the city. A Government  building can be seen just below the bridge that connects norht and south part of the city.

Currently, the city grew a lot with development of new Government buildings, Bridges, roads and a Dam. The population of the city now stands at 10 times as before(2,00,000 people). To accomodate such a large population the residential areas and buiseness district go through their expantion and covering both sides of the river and these aread now connects through newly made bridge and roads. The river enters the residential areas making a large lake and at the end of the Dam is built to produce energy for the people living there. Airfport also expand in it's south region and now covers more than 2 times as of earlier.

========================
The map describes changes to a city since 1950. Looking from an overall perspective, it is readily apparent that the city has expanded to become considerably more residential and accessible, with the notable additions of a long lake and nearby business district.

In 1950, the town’s population was 20,000 and it has increased tenfold to 200,000. Previously, there was a limited area for homes, all to the north of the major road running east to west. At present, the residential area has greatly grown in all directions and there are now additional major roads in the southern half of the city.

Moreover, the narrow river running through the town has been dammed to create a large lake that stretches from the western to eastern edge of the residential area. The business district which was confined to the center of the map is now larger and includes the northern and southern shores of the lake. The bridge over the river is now over the lake and there is another bridge near the dam in the east. Finally, there is presently a second government building to the south and the airport located to the east has more than doubled in size.