The maps details the changes made to a university sports courts from 1990 till now.

Overall, it is clear that a large space is made available by cutting down the park and Car park area. This space is now been utilized by outdoor pool including Basketball court and Tennis court. Furthermore, Outdoor pool is replaced by indoor pool while a new fitness center is build in place of Teniis court. cafe and reception remain unchanged.

in 1990, a car park area was located to the south west corner covering a huge area and just opposite to that on north side of sports court a park can be seen. To the north east side an outdoor pool can be seen, attached to that a cafe and reception area is located on the left side. Just below reception changing room can be found. finally the south east side has a tennis court covering a notable area.

Currently, Tennis court has been expanded to 4 courts and is built in place of Car park. Park is cut down to build a new BAsketball court cafe and reception are at same postion as before while changing room is now bigger than before and covering the area above fitness center which is constructed in place of older tennis court. at last Outdoor pool is replaced by indoor pool.
====================
The map describes how a university sports courts area has changed from 1990 to the present day. Looking from an overall perspective, it is readily apparent that the number of total courts for tennis and basketball has increased at the expense of parking and a park, while a formal building with a gym now houses various exercise facilities. These changes allow for more varied activity.

In 1990, on the left side of the map was a park with trees and grass as well as a car park. Today, the park has been replaced by a large basketball court and the car park by 4 tennis courts.

On the right side of the map, a structure to contain the various athletic facilities has been erected with only the indoor pool and reception area in the same position in the new building. The changing room beneath the reception area and pool has been lengthened and moved slightly to the right so as to line up directly above a new, large fitness centre. The fitness centre has replaced two tennis courts, now outside the main building.