Across the globe the one thing that is everywhere and binding people together is money. Even though, money is an essential for living, many believe that it doesn't bring happiness. This essay will discuss the points of why happiness is difficult to define and provide different ideas, paths and methods to achieve happiness.


People in today's world have a different variety of thoughts and ideas totally different from each other that makes it difficult to define happiness in general. In other words, due to different thinking and nature of human a lot of people define happiness for themselves at personal level. For instance, being happy for a businessman would be his/her success in the business, for mother it could be seeing her child achieving their goals, for a sick person good health would make him happy. As a result of different aspects of life and the way people think has brought these differeces in happiness. In short, it's the perspective of people that defines happiness.

Having money doesn't necesarrily mean that a person is happy. A person can be millionare but he couldn't make someone fall in love with him he cannot force a relationship to work. That is to say, happiness cannot be brought.

Health is the major factor if you want to achieve happiness. Healthy people are more peaceful and love themselves more than people who doesn't take care of their health. As an example, everything you can thought of take your girlfriend, money, family, wealth or property everything is relying on an invisible support called health, if you remove money you still live a happy life but if you remove health whole support will went down.

Another aspect worth considering is your relationship and the place where your live. These two factors are so important in your life that they define your happiness and where you will end up and how you will be retired. Reserach shows that 80% of you happiness comes from the partner you choose to live with. likewise the place you live can make your life much better and meaningful. As a result of these two factors most people find happiness. so, choose carefully as your life partner and the place you live is crucial.

In addition, it is believed that meditaion, yoga and exercies are great way to find inner peace and make your life meaningful which eventually make you happier.

In conclusion, despite money is a key factor in living life, I strongly belive that it doesn't always bring happiness. With small changes in our relationship and goals happiness can be achieved and make our life more peaceful.
