In today's world with global warming and environment degradation is causing nature to get polluted. Although, some people think that environmental problems should be taken care internationally on a global level, others believe in dealing with them nationally instead. This essay will discuss both the sides of argument and give evidence of why it should be resolved nationally rather than globally.

Even though, many believe that environmental problems can be solved globally, it's perhaps not a good idea. This is simply because there are a lot of nations and managing all of them would probably won't work, in addition all the nations have their own set of rules and regulations including different resources and different level of factories causing issues. On top of that there are even some coutries that don't simply agrees with other nation internationally, take North korea and russia for instance, they have totally different rules where no people in that country have access to some particular things such as internet access from outside world. As a consequence, it's very difficult to control the environmental problems in such nations globally. To put it simply more the nation involve internationally more will be the conflicts.

On the other hand, Handelling the environmental problems are much more easier and convinient when dealing with it on a national level. In ohter words, a nation can manage it internally more easily becuase of better communication within the contry and they have complete control over the factories and ohter resources generating the problems. Take nuclear power plant for instance, it's data cannot be shared internationally but it can be reviewed internally to see different causes of the problem. As a result of this micro-management process environment will be benefited in terms of lower pollution and better life. In short handelling things at micro level is proven to be successfull.

To conclude, despite the fact that environmental problems is global, I strongly believe that the issues should be resolved natinoally. With easier communication and micro management we can make this world a better place for future generations.