It is very important to get fresh air and clean water every single day for good health and a better life, although most of the developing contries are facing issues with the quality of air and water as a consequence of constructions and Industries development across the nation. This essay will discuss different methods to clean both air and water in these contries.

Decline in air quality can be prevented if given proper attention by the government officials. In other words, taking simple measures and creating simple rules can benefit the society and country. For instance, banning burning crackers on festivals or weddings and seizing cars that doesn't have pollution clearance can improve air quality a lot. As a result of these measures we will be able to improve the quality of air through regual tracking and simple but strong rules. In short, political leaders can make effort that would eventually help the country for increasing air quality.

Quality of water can be improved through simple lifestyle changes in people living. To be more specific a lot of people throw garbage in rivers and clean lakes making it difficult to clean because most of the garbage is contained in a plastic bag which is made of a compound that is not easily composible. Take rivers near a temple for instance, a lot of people went to temple for praying and take a bath there in water itself and no rule is applied on those people they can make it way too dirty. so if people can make simple efforts such as avoiding the garbage dump in water can make it very easy to keep water clean.

Another point worth considering is waste from different industries. The reason is simply because there are no regular checks and rules, these industries throw waste in waters and produces harmful gases in air which reduces the quality of air and water, this can be improved if industries take an effort to note the amount of wastage they are dumping and avoid crossing the limit.

To conclude, despite of constructions and industries development, I strongly believe that air and water quality can be controlled. With small effort by an individual and government we can retain and keep our environnment clean for the upcoming generation.
